feat(Change Tracking): add Datasource documentation (#33702)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/change_tracking/_index.md

3. Hover over any change indicator or overlay to view a summary of the change.
4. Click the change indicator or overlay to view detailed information and take remediation actions.

### Custom widgets

In addition to the out-of-the-box integrations described above, Change Tracking can be used in widgets across Datadog, including Dashboards and Notebooks.

#### Supported widget types

Change Tracking is available as a data source for the following widget types: **Timeseries, Query Value, Table, Tree Map, Top List, Pie, Change, and Bar Chart**.

Change Tracking can also be displayed as an **Event Overlay on Timeseries widgets**, making it easier to correlate tracked changes with metric behavior.

#### Viewing related changes

> To view information about a change or set of changes, click a data point in the widget and select **View Changes**. This opens the Change Tracking side panel.

Author: ```suggestion
To view information about a change or set of changes, click a datapoint in the widget and select **View Changes**. This opens the Change Tracking side panel.
```
